# Hello_World
My first experience with GitHub. Very excited.
  I am brand new in the world of web development and coding. Although I did take a few elective courses in college on coding, I never took an interest until I took a course called 'Problem Solving with Computers'. I thought this was a course designed to teach students how to troubleshoot a PC when it acted up. I was surprised to learn it was an introductory course on solving problems with code and how to think in terms of a programmer. This course used Python so it in a way doubled as a course in Python as well. This is the course that opened my eyes to what programming really is: solving problems and finding solutions to all kinds of problems using a set of directions within the language. I very much enjoyed this course so much I even changed my major from Physics to Computer Science. Unfortunately, I had to relocate to Texas and was unable to continue in college but I am now determined to continue learning on my own and that is what I am doing. Each day I am going to bed able to name off five or six (sometimes more) things I knew that I did not know when I woke up. There are some days that it seems like I am not moving very fast and not learning much. Those days I wonder if I am ever going to be skilled enough to be a valuable asset as a developer. Luckily those days are few and far between because I have made it a ritual to first thing when I sit down to learn is to find two or three stories from web developers who are employed and are self-taught. Their stories reinforce the possibility that this is definitely an acheiveable goal. Not an easy goal but with diligence, determination and self-discipline it is very much an attainable goal. I look forward to becoming familiar with GitHub and maybe even meeting some other awesome developers along the way. 
